c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\StreamingPOC.dll.config
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\StreamingPOC.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\StreamingPOC.pdb
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.IO.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.IO.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\obj\Release\StreamingPOC.csproj.App.config
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\obj\Release\StreamingPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\obj\Release\StreamingPOC.dll
c:\users\nmbr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StreamingPOC\StreamingPOC\obj\Release\StreamingPOC.pdb
